(train chugging)
[Kagenou] According to Alpha
and the girl's story,
the Cult of Diablos was an
enormous organization
that operates on
a global scale.
Man, that's impressive.
They said something about
having to fight against it
but then they just scattered
to the four winds.
But I get it.
They're all grown up now and
want their freedom.
"This cult doesn't exist."
"We can't play along with
this travesty forever."
"So we're setting
ourselves free."
That's what they really meant.
(train clacking)
I guess I can't blame them.
It was the same way for me in
my old life. (boy laughing)
[girl] Wait for me.
[Kagenou]
As everyone gets older
they forget about
their superheroes.
Even back then,
I was fighting my
battle alone.
[Kagenou] Magic!
(blood spurts)
Magic...
Magic!
(blood spurts)
(panting and gasping)
Magic... magic...
Magic, magic, magic!
Magic, magic, magic, magic,
MAGIC!
(horn blaring)
(yelps in surprise)
(impact noises)
[Kagenou] It's always the same.
Even if I end up as
the last man on Earth,
I will continue striving to be
the Eminence in Shadow.
(OPENING SONG)
(general hustle and bustle)
[Kagenou] The Royal Capital
of the Midgar Kingdom
is a giant metropolis
with a population of more than
one million citizens.
(upbeat music)
[Kagenou] At the age of 15,
I enrolled in the same school
as my sister,
the Midgar Academy
for Dark Knights.
It's a super prestigious
institution
where promising students from
in and outside the kingdom
go to school, and...
It's a medieval style
hierarchical society.
But I still managed to get in
even though I'm just
Background Character A.
Of course, they still treat me
like I'm a
background character.
They're all "go stay in a cheap
downtown apartment, Hick."
Ah, class society.
Thanks for waiting.
Hey, so what in the world
happened to your hair?
[Po] We're gonna be late, Cid.
[Cid] Sorry.
[Kagenou] For my friends
I selected two guys
who are genuinely proud of
being background characters:
Skel and Po.
[Skel] Come on, hurry.
(bell ringing)
[Cid] Hey, wait for me!
(all three panting)
(short train whistle)
(train clacking)
[Skel] Dammit, I wish they'd let
us live in the dorms on campus,
like all the upper class kids.
There's no place for bottom of
the pile peasants like us
in the exalted abode of her
highness and her kind.
Listen, all we have to do is
become honor students,
like my sister.
Then they'd let us live
in the dorms on campus.
[Skel]
What like be the champions
in the Bushin Festival?
Not a chance.
Seven months into
my student career
and I'm blending in quite
nicely as a background student.
In the midst of it, a day of
reckoning has arrived.
Anyway,
you remember the penalty
for the guy who
scored the worst
on yesterday's test, right?
You lost the bet, Cid.
You have to do it.
I know what I have to do,
but...
[Kagenou]
The penalty in question
is to confess love to the most
popular girl in school
and suffer her brutal
rejection.
This is exactly the kind of
background character event
I've been waiting for!
(yelps of pain from all three)
[Kagenou]
And the girl in question is...
[Po] So what are you going-
Oh, most beautiful
Princess Alexia,
goddess of our campus!
I humbly ask you to join me in
pure and upstanding courtship.
(upbeat chamber music)
[Alexia] Not interested.
(squeal of disbelief)
[Po]
That's the princess for you.
(Romeo sobbing)
I know she's destined for
political marriage
after she graduates, but...
[Skel] He wouldn't
have been a bad choice
for someone to
fool around with.
Now listen here,
don't you go getting
cold feet on us.
[Skel] You got it?
[Cid] Oh, don't worry.
I spent all last night planning
out how I was going to do it.
[Kagenou] Watch closely
and see how it's done.
Behold, the entirety
of the world's
most background character-like
love confession!
(dramatic music)
(Cid whimpering)
[Cid] Pr-Pr...
(both gasp)
Pr-Prin...
Princess Alexia...
(whimpering)
I-I-I-I-I...
I like you!
(stammering) W-will you
pl-please be my g-girlfriend?
[Kagenou] Nailed it.
This is the kind of
background character
I've always wanted to be.
Now I need her to turn me down
so I can run away
and fall on my face.
[Alexia] All right, I will.
Huh?
I've been waiting for someone
exactly like you.
Here's to our new relationship.
Ah... Sure.
[Kagenou] Why?
(both gasp)
[Kagenou] How did I get sucked
in as the rom-com protagonist?!
(cheerful music)
[students]
Look, that's him.
-No way! He's way too average.
-This must be a mistake.
-I'm so gonna kill him.
-But who is he?
(sighs)
You don't think it's weird?
Oh, it's weird.
This is definitely
very bizarre.
If I'm being brutally honest,
you are nowhere near
worthy enough
to date Princess Alexia.
In fact, I don't even think
I would make the cut.
But she was willing
to take YOU, Cid.
Maybe even I had a
chance at dating her.
I should have just asked her
out myself.
I'm scared, I feel like there
has to be a catch.
I mean, she and I don't even
live on the same planet.
Who cares about that?
You could get some sweet
memories out of this.
He's right! But if you want,
I could trade places with you.
[Cid] Huh?
(Po gasps)
(Skel gasps)
Do you mind if I come
sit with you guys?
(stammering) G-go ahead, yeah.
(stammering)
I-if th-this seat will do,
by all means, have a seat.
[Kagenou] Their sense of
insignificance...
Did I pick the perfect friends
or what?
[students] She's at the lower
nobility seats.
-And she's so close to them.
[Cid] Wow, that's royalty for
you. Look at all that food.
[Alexia]
I never manage to finish it.
Honestly,
I wouldn't mind having
some of the
lower class options.
[Cid] Then can I have some?
(both squeal)
(mmm...)
This is delicious.
I'll have some of that too.
(Skel and Po scream)
[Cid]
Hey, this isn't bad either.
[Kagenou] I call it operation
"Dump Me Already, Dammit!"
How's that? Disenchanted yet?
So you are studying Royal
Bushin fencing
for your afternoon PE class?
[Cid] Ah... yes.
[Alexia] I thought we could
take take the class together.
Yeah, no, I don't think so.
I'm in Section Nine,
the lowest of all the sections.
Oh, that's all right.
I put in a good word for you,
and they opened up a spot
in Section One.
Okay?
(soft growl) I guess so.
(both thunderstruck)
[Kagenou] And thus,
my lunch and operation
"Dump Me Already, Dammit!"
came to a close.
Skel and Po remained useless
lumps to the bitter end.
[advisor] We have a new member
joining our team today.
I'm Cid Kagenou,
thank you for having me.
[Kagenou] I'd expect nothing
less of Section One.
Their advisor, Mr. Zenon,
is the official
royal fencing instructor.
Unlike the lower sections,
there's an all-encompassing air
of constant vigilance.
As you know, the Royal Bushin
style that we study here
is an original style
derived from the traditional
Bushin school.
You might say it's a new
friend, like you.
We faced a lot of pushback
at first,
but thanks to the genius of
Dark Knight Princess Iris,
the sister of our own Alexia,
we've gained enough momentum to
rival traditional Bushin.
In other words,
if you have the strength,
you can successfully parry
the skeptical eyes
of the masses.
So now,
how much strength do you have?
(students grunting)
(swords clanging)
[Kagenou]
Alexia's attacks never land,
and her movements are slow.
She doesn't use
much magic either.
At first,
I thought she was just
matching her level to mine,
but she wasn't.
The goal of this practice
is to review
our strokes and
counter strokes,
and she is strictly
adhering to that.
Thinking back,
before the lesson,
she was copying my stretches.
In other words,
she's hyper aware -
a perfectly honed technique
that stays true to the basics
and forgoes any excess.
But it's boring.
Yeah, very dull.
The world sees her as far
inferior to her sister
who is currently praised as the
most powerful Dark Knight
in the kingdom.
But her insipid fighting style
is the result of
a lot of effort.
It's proof that she's built up
her skills in the basics,
one step at a time.
(swords ring)
(bell chiming)
All right then,
that's all for today's lesson.
Thank you for a good match.
[Cid] Thank you as well.
[Alexia]
You have a good fencing style.
(stretching) Yeah, thank you.
[Alexia] But I hate it.
It's like I'm
fighting with myself.
Huh?
Can I make the assumption that
that is your answer then,
Alexia?
Yes, that's correct.
I have decided to be
his girlfriend...
(brightly) Mr. Zenon, sir.
[Zenon] Oh, please,
you're acting like a child.
You know you can't keep
running away forever.
[Alexia] But I am a child.
I can't understand
grownup problems.
[Zenon]
It hasn't been made public yet,
but we ARE still betrothed.
[Kagenou] Oh I get it.
I see what's going on.
[Alexia] You're still only a
candidate for my betrothal.
[Zenon] If you would just give
your consent,
we could proceed with the
arrangement.
[Kagenou] For now, I'll blend
into the background
and just ride out this main
character tier event.
(bell ringing)
[studenst
] Want to stop by Mitsugoshi?
-Ooh, yes!
So basically, you don't want to
get engaged to Mr. Zenon,
and you need a patsy to help
you get out of it. Am I right?
That's why you chose a low
class aristocrat like me
whom you could easily control.
Yes, that's right.
Sorry, but I don't
wanna attract
any more attention than needed,
and frankly,
I'm not too interested
in getting mixed up
in your problems.
That's pretty cold
coming from my boyfriend.
In name only, you mean.
As if you were any better,
Mr. Cid "I confessed fake love
because I lost a bet" Kagenou.
(Cid growls softly)
[Alexia] I had a little chat
with your friends.
They turned beat red and
sang like canaries.
That's not very nice.
Toying with the pure heart of
an innocent young girl.
If the rest of the
student body found out,
you may never see another
peaceful day at this school.
(disgruntled sigh)
Oh dear, are you all right?
Your face seems awfully twitchy
for some reason.
I'm fine.
My mouth twists like that
because I'm twisted
deep down in my soul,
but I'm not
as warped as you are.
Did you say something, Cid?
Nope, I said nothing.
Anyway, I think I will have you
keep pretending
to be my boyfriend.
You can stop after
that man gives up on me.
Fine. But will he ever give up?
Anyone can see that I'M clearly
out of your league.
I know that, of course.
I just need you
to buy me some time.
I will take care of
the rest of it on my own.
I don't see this
ending well for us.
[Alexia] Blah, blah, blah!
You are so whiny.
(Cid gasps)
(ka-ching)
[Cid] Really?
Do I strike you as
the type of guy
who can be bought with money?
Yes, you do.
(chuckles)
Well, you're absolutely right.
(ka-ching)
Woof!
(howls)
[Kagenou] My allowance from my
parents isn't nearly enough
to fund my Eminence in Shadow
operations.
Can I afford to
let this chance slip by?
No!
My what a good boy you are.
You're such a good puppy.
Now fetch.
(ka-ching)
[Cid] (panting) Woof!
[Kagenou] And thus,
I decided to continue
my romantic relationship
with Alexia.
(pleasant interlude music)
[students]
Man, I had my eye on her too.
-He's just a gold digger.
-But seriously, who is that guy?
[Kagenou] Fortunately, everyone
focused only on the fact
that Alexia had a boyfriend.
So, I was able to play the role
of the
Background Boyfriend Character.
(chuckles)
(soft growl)
[Kagenou] Zenon opted for the
wait and see approach.
(train chugging)
Of all the...
That man is so infuriating.
He thinks he's so great
just because he can
swing a sword.
Okay, okay.
You saw that phony smile,
didn't you, little puppy?
Okay, okay.
Only say "okay" once.
Okay.
[Kagenou]
As expected, Alexia was very
well mannered in public
but behind closed doors,
she was a whirlwind of
insults and spite,
debating her would be
a waste of time.
I must play the role of a robot
who was programmed
only to agree.
(soft music)
[Cid] You're a princess.
Isn't your face enough
to get you to the
front of the line?
[Alexia] Of course it is.
But the point of this is not
to go out for ice cream.
It's to inform the entire world
of my relationship.
[Cid] Ah, that makes sense.
(licking)
So then what exactly
is the problem
you have with marrying Zenon?
As a prospective husband,
I think he's a pretty
prime selection.
Everything is the problem.
I hate everything about
his entire existence.
But he is good looking.
He's got status, fame,
and money.
And of course he is
quite popular
with all the other girls.
That's just on the surface.
It's really quite easy to
pretend to be perfect.
I mean, that's what I do.
That explains it.
That's a very convincing
argument. (hmpf!)
Did you say something?
No, nothing.
Anyway, I don't judge people
only by what I see
on the surface.
Well,
how do you judge people then?
By their flaws.
[Cid] Mmm, a very negative way
to judge people.
Sounds like you.
And that's why I've nothing
against a guy
who's totally average,
full of flaws,
with no redeeming qualities,
like you.
Why thank you.
I'll take that as a compliment.
And if I may ask, what are some
of Zenon's flaws?
[Alexia] He has none.
[Cid]
So he is a prime selection.
Ah, no, there's no such thing
as a person with no flaws.
If a person like this
did exist,
they'd either be a massive liar
or completely psychotic.
Oh, I see now. Thank you for
that totally arbitrary
and biased response, Alexia.
[Alexia] You're very welcome,
my ever so flawed puppy.
Here's today's reward.
(gasps)
(ka-ching)
[Cid] (panting) Woof!
[Kagenou]
So two more weeks passed,
and I continued to
play the boyfriend
with no relationship progress
worth mentioning.
(train chugging)
Your fencing is
a mystery to me.
You've got the basics down,
but nothing more than that.
There's absolutely
nothing else to it,
but I can't take my eyes
away from it.
Gee, thank you.
But I still detest
watching you fight.
(heavy sigh)
[Cid]
What's wrong with you today?
Your fencing was unusually
aggressive and sloppy.
Just the ramblings
of a fake boyfriend.
You really don't have to look
at me like that, you know.
[Alexia] All my life,
I wanted to be as good
as my sister Iris.
But what I have has never been
the same as what she has.
So I figured it out on my own.
I tried to get stronger
in my own way,
and look where it got me.
What good has it done?
You know what they call me,
don't you?
Fencer Ordinaire.
Exactly!
But your fencing style is just
as ordinary as mine.
Unfortunately,
for you, that is.
I don't think it's
unfortunate at all.
I kind of like
your fencing style.
[Alexia] Someone else told me
the same thing once.
At the Bushin Festival
after I'd suffered
a humiliating defeat,
my sister said it to me.
I knew she'd never understand
what was going on in my head
at that moment,
and how extremely
pathetic I felt.
I've hated my sword style
ever since.
You should know that
I'm not a very nice person.
If somewhere on the
other side of the world
there was an
unfortunate incident
that killed a million people,
it wouldn't bother me.
[Alexia] That is vile and evil.
However, there are some things
that would bother me.
They might be things
that other people
would see as
worthless or futile,
but to me these things
are the most
precious things in life.
That's why I said
I like your fencing style.
(sword being drawn)
What exactly do you mean by
telling me all of that?
Nothing at all.
If I did mean anything,
it's just that I get
pissed off when people
disrespect the things
I care about.
That's just how I feel.
(train brakes squealing)
(gasps)
[Alexia] Is that so?
Then goodbye, Cid.
(train attendant gasps)
[Kagenou]
I guess this is the end of
my unwanted relationship.
(bright music)
[Po] Come on, Cid, you have to
cheer up. Things'll get better.
I know it was wrong of us to
rat you out and all,
but please don't hold it
against us forever.
Okay, okay.
So tell us!
How far did you get with her?
With what?
[both] Oh, come on!
You know, with her!
You dated her for
two whole weeks.
Something must have happened.
There had to be a little
something, right?
(sighs) I didn't get anywhere.
(gah) You know, you're just a
good for nothing loser.
If it were me,
I would've gone ALL the way.
[Po] I know, right? I definitely
would've at least kissed her.
No, a little farther,
maybe a soft caress,
or maybe something a
little more hardcore.
(Skel laughing lewdly)
(Po gulps)
[Both] (nervous sounds)
Can we have a minute?
[both] Pl-please, go ahead.
You should know that
Princess Alexia
did not return to
her dorm last night.
(soft gasp)
[Zenon] The Knight Order has
been investigating it
as a potential kidnapping.
And as the last person to have
been in contact with her,
you're now a suspect.
I would like to ask you
a few questions.
I assume you're willing
to cooperate?
(dramtic music)
(both nervous)
[Kagenou] And that's when I
realized something:
I am in big trouble.
(ENDING THEME)